Recently, one of these citizens, a very highly educated individual, used for your freedom
of information act requests in order to get all of the death certificate data to see why
are people dying?
Did anything change when COVID hit and then when the vaccine program started and maybe
even remdesivir?
There's a lot of information when we look at how people died.
This is him in, is it in Massachusetts?
I think it's in Massachusetts, okay, this is him in front of the legislator in Massachusetts.
Watch this.
Here's some real data that I got from Massachusetts.
I have 1 million unredacted death certificates, about 500,000 from Massachusetts, 420,000
from Minnesota and other, the balance comes from Vermont.
What happened on a year boundary when the vaccines were introduced?
Everything shifted to blood and circulatory.
Blood and circulatory deaths, all of a sudden started going up.
They didn't go up when COVID was around in 2020, they all of a sudden started going up
in 2021.
I keep post hemorrhagic anemia, thrombocytopenia, cardiac arrhythmia, cardiac arrest, pulmonary
embolism, and I can tell you about the individual cases.
Cassidy Baraka from Groton, Massachusetts, was injected in January 13.
She reacted in five minutes, vomited for eight to ten hours.
Cassidy died on January 18, four and a half days later.
You know what it says on her death certificate from Massachusetts?
Complications of coronavirus-19 viral infection, with no mention of the vaccine.
Those are multiple federal felonies that the medical examiner, Stephen Schwartz, committed
on her death certificate.
A couple days ago, it was referred to the Attorney General of Massachusetts for criminal investigation.
Brianna McCarthy, she reacted in hours with a headache.
She went to the ER, they said, go home.
You have a headache.
She was so bad, she went to the ER again.
They said, here's some time when I'll go home, she didn't recognize her sister.
So her family brought her in, she had intracranial pressure, they cut a hole in her head to
the craniotomy, and that didn't work because clots were all through her head.
They kept her on life support for a while after she had had a seizure, paralyzed in
half her body, and it's about two and a half weeks before she died.
And that was in, she was injected in March 30, 2021, and she died on I think April 15.
This is the official date of death, but she was brain dead in a few days, which is fatal
post-COVID mRNA vaccine associated cerebral ischemia, translated to English means the
vaccine killed her by stroke.
Every paragraph in that report says the vaccine killed her by stroke, two weeks before Brianna
was injected, Diane Dubois, 62 years old, died of acute intracranial pressure in the
setting of promocytopenia.
It says it's an inner dust certificate, but it's not coded by the CDC.
As the CDC, they have a software called Transax and AFNI.
It automatically reads the desert certificate, the English words, and converts it into codes.
And the codes, they're international cause of death codes, ICD-10 codes.
Those codes are the only way that the public knows what's going on because that's how
you track data.
Nobody's reading all the words that are in the desert certificates.
Solomon Quizzito died at 62 years old in Massachusetts on January 16, 2021.
Idiopathic bronchod pneumonia in the setting of promocytopenia in a person vaccinated recently.
So it says it, and it's coded, y59.0 viral vaccines, T88.1.
The CDC, however, says that nobody died from the vaccine.
We don't have any reports yet because they turned off the software after that.
So the others are, let's see, reacted to the vaccine in five minutes, didn't make
it out of the clinic, dropped dead and cardiac arrest.
That was not coded by the CDC.
This is felony thorough fraud.
We got kids getting injected.
I told you about Cassidy, Brianna was 30.
Oh, by the way, on Brianna's death certificate, it doesn't say the vaccine killed her.
It said COVID killed her.
They lied again.
It's double fraud, fraud by omission, fraud of commission.
You know, Ian was in Bellingham, 11 years old.
He got the vaccine, got a booster.
This was November of last year, not the year before.
Anyway, he died on December 3rd.
The family donated his heart.
They pulled it out.
They couldn't use it.
It was full of cloths to not care about an 11 year old child and to listen to testimony
like that and just not pay attention.
It's kind of blows my mind that the people can do that.
At the heart of that amazing testimony was John Bowdwin and he joins me now.
Thanks for having me, sir.
Hey, man, it's always just an honor to meet a fellow warrior that is just, you know, doing
your part.
Great video, by the way, you know, lots of people looking online.
Just amazing.
Powerful.
Yeah.
I have to thank Anne Forti.
She's somebody on Twitter.
She follows me.
And she cut it down from 14 minutes to four minutes.
Wow.
And did a great job.
And it's over a third of a million views now.
It's over 400,000, I think.
Yeah.
And that's just that video.
It's been translated into Japanese, French, Spanish, and German.
It's going all around.
Amazing.
That's fantastic.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
So important.
Can I just ask, like, when I watched something like that, what was the reaction?
I mean, you know, by this panel, I mean, a lot of times you reduced to three minutes.
For some reason, you got 14 minutes, which is always a good sign to me that you had
some time to lay this out.
But what was the response?
I was a little bit emotional, giving that testimony, because I was looking to my left.
The two state senators to my left, there were two to my left, three to my right.
And the two to my left wouldn't look at me.
Just would not look me in the eyes.
And she looked up real fast and really fast looked down, started typing on the keyboard.
They whispered to each other.
She pulled out a binder, started rifling through it, just refused to listen to anything.
So you know, I was sad.
I was angry.
But then eventually, throughout the testimony, you hear me say, I'm kind of shocked that
they can't even listen to the testimony of children dying.
They don't want to know it.
But I looked to the right and they were engaged completely.
And I didn't know it was down party lines.
I could have guessed, but you know, you can figure it out.
So yeah, it was tough.
Normally when I speak to somebody, they look me in the eyes and we have a conversation
right?
Yeah.
I've had similar experiences when you speak to, you know, these government bodies.
And you know, it is really weird that it has become, you know, a political, I've seen
all sides when I was a liberal, I used to wonder why we, you know, can't talk about pollution
and water and air.
And now I'm seeing now it's pollution in your bloodstream and suddenly the tables have
turned.
I really pray that we get out, we get past this division.
It's dividing lines that, you know, these are issues that are just human issues.
And if we could just listen and get outside, I think really turn off the television.
Exactly.
It's a huge part of it, right?
That's dividing us.
I think we'd realize we need to come together.
I want to talk about this data.
So first of all, what, how much, you know, what did you get and what is it you have in
your hands right now?
So almost a year and a half ago, almost two years ago, I got about 420,000 Massachusetts
death certificates.
And since then I've had updates and now I have over 500.
Unredacted.
Yes.
I have every, I'm so used to legally as we're in this process with FOIA that the complaint
is that, you know, there's names that it's not de-identified, then you got to figure out
how to get it de-identified.
But in this case, a lot of that was just wide open.
Yeah.
In this case, I did eight public records requests.
It's a state version of a FOIA that you just mentioned moments ago.
And those public requests were a number of, tell me the vaccination dates of these people
and tell me why Girish Navani was on the governor's reopening advisory board when he basically
is a false claims act violation, had to pay $155 million, totally separate story.
And I asked for the entire state database of death certificates.
How long did it take for them to produce that?
Days.
Really?
I was shocked.
I was like, they gave me none of the others.
They only gave me the biggest one that I wanted.
What?
And wow.
Okay.
I'll take it.
That's great.
Yeah.
I ran them through other people had submitted the requests.
Okay.
Eight different names.
If they were all from me, they would have seen them all from me.
I want to correct, too.
I had said that there was a Massachusetts hearing was a New Hampshire.
It was a New Hampshire hearing.
Okay.
Right.
I live in Massachusetts.
Got it.
I was invited up to speak for Emily Phillips-Bill.
It's SB 319.
Okay.
I believe speaking next week on Thursday for a bill that I wrote.
House Bill 1661, Jason Gerhard submitted it, has Yuri Polisov also.
These guys brought me up to speak to the Attorney General.
We had a 45-minute meeting, private meeting.
It went pretty well.
Talked about it some other time.
Right.
But they're very involved.
And so I'll be speaking again in New Hampshire next week.
Also be speaking at the Massachusetts legislature on Monday.
Yeah.
Jancy Lindsey put it together.
Great.
Mark's will be speaking as well.
Wonderful.
We've had her on the show.
I mean, I think what's amazing now is the conversation's definitely changed.
I mean, when I started when, you know, I was first touring this country with my documentary
Vaxxed, you really, we weren't really getting any attention from either side of the aisle.
It was just, this is crazy talk.
This is conspiracy theories, you know.
But a lot of moms, I will say, really just stayed in there.
Started understanding the political system, started bringing bills.
Right.
And we kept visiting.
You know, we were already moving the needle, COVID, I think, really opened a lot of people's
minds.
And I think that's why this data is so important.
So let's get down to, you know, you know, just sort of on, you know, in bulletting out what
are the top discoveries you would say if you were like the elevator pitch, someone is
just like, so what did you find?
What do you think is the most important find in all this now a million deaths certificates
between three different states?
Right.
Okay.
Two things that I'll do.
One is people and the other's data.
Okay.
All right.
In my book, I start out with people.
We talk about Cassidy and then three different strokes and three women named.
And then I get into the data.
And the reason for that is there's a lot of PhDs and MDs and they're all smarter than
I am.
I need to do something different because we need to get the evidence to the legislators,
to the courts.
I'm looking to get a grand jury investigation.
I'm on a team with Dr. Henry Ili, Senators Kim Thatcher and Dennis Lint that come in Oregon.
And they have a lawsuit to petition the court for a grand jury investigation of the CDC
and FDA.
Great news happened.
Trying to do that.
Yep.
So I have the book coming out and the thesis of the book I'll tell you is the symptom spectrum
profile that is the causes of death across society, across in this case, Massachusetts
changed on a year boundary from 2020 to 2021.
Also the age spectrum profile and the seasonality profile.
So the profile of deaths, what do they look like?
All of a sudden on a year boundary, it's starkly changed from respiratory in 2020, year of
COVID to circulatory, if you believe COVID or hospital protocol deaths, whatever, I don't
want to upset people that don't believe in COVID.
But the age spectrum profile dropped about 10 years, 10 years of the excess deaths.
So the when you're looking at here, this is the slide, you can sort of sort of take us
what we're looking at here.
Oh, yes.
So on the top, you have all cause death, COVID and pneumonia.
Yep.
And you see each bar represents a year and the years are 2015 through 2022.
Right.
And as you get to that big spike in the top left there under all cause deaths, that's
the year of 2020.
Right.
Massachusetts had about 8,800, close to 9,000 excess deaths and only a nine week period
from mid-March to mid-June, that's where that spike is.
Okay.
All right.
And then you go to 2021.
Well, 2021 almost looks like it's in line.
It dropped quite substantially.
So notice the drop.
We won't talk about 22 for now.
Let's just look at the transition from 21 to 22.
Yep.
Now let's go to COVID in the middle, in the top.
You see it's high and then the marginal, the difference is cut in half.
And if you go back and look at all cause, that marginal difference, when you take a line
and you draw a line from the normal 2015 through 19, you see that that difference, that big
2020 is, the difference is cut in half.
And then you go to the far right and you've got pneumonia.
Pneumonia correlates with COVID, correlates with all cause.
It goes down.
The marginal difference is cut in half, COVID is cut in half.
Everything is cut in half for those causes of death and all cause.
Now let's look at what happened in the blood and circulatory deaths.
Okay.
Yep.
So when I say blood, what that is, those are decodes.
Those are ICD-10 codes from international, you know, they come from the WHO.
Every ailment on the planet has a code.
And so if you're dying from it or whatever, it gets that code.
Right.
That's how they track it, sort of in computer systems.
That doesn't mean the codes are right, but, you know, ketrasparibus or ceterisparibus,
as people say, all the other things being equal, we're looking at a set of data where
the same people are there coding, so nothing else has changed.
Right.
So in that blood in the bottom left, you'll see that it went up from 2020 to 2021.
Okay.
Those are decodes, anything starting with D. Then you have cardiac arrest.
That's a really big one.
I won't get into a discussion of that, but that's a mistake in the way codes are written
by the WHO, the whole ICD-10 code.
They're listed as heart-related issues.
All that means is the heart stopped.
Right.
Nothing wrong with the heart.
The heart stopped because it didn't get oxygen because the person had pneumonia and
went anoxic and they died.
Okay.
But they write cardiopulmonary arrest, which goes under an I-4, and now I'm getting into
something different.
Okay.
Let's just say, like, let's keep it on the surface.
Yeah.
Well, they can get your information.
We'll make sure that they get that.
So it went up from 2020 to 2021, all right.
And then cardiac arrhythmia also went up from 2020 to 2021.
Now when all causes went down, COVID went down, pneumonia went down, the blood and circulatory
went up.
How does that make any sense?
Right.
Because something else came in 21 that was not COVID that killed people.
Okay.
All right.
So then what does that take us?
What's the next step?
So what do you look at next?
Let's bring up the next graph.
This lies that you sent us that we can proceed.
Okay.
Let's go through the individuals and then I'll get back to people.
All right.
Okay.
So what you have here is this is acute post hemorrhagic anemia.
You can see that 2020, there was no excess.
Right.
The third from the right, there's no excess.
All of a sudden in 21 and 22, now what is acute post hemorrhagic anemia?
It's sudden blood loss anemia.
Okay.
You had sudden blood loss.
I looked through them.
More than 89% said non-traumatic.
What that means is-
If I'm in a car accident, I sever an arm, I die of blood loss, but this is non-traumatic.
It's non-traumatic.
That did not happen.
There wasn't an oops in the operating room.
All of a sudden you started bleeding out in your body somewhere.
A lot of them what I found is gastrointestinal hemorrhages have been up, aortic dissection.
It eats a hole in your aorta and you just bleed out through your aorta.
So those were up substantially as you could see from that graph.
I mean, 21 and 22, but not in 2020.
Wow.
It looks like almost 100% gain in 22 and in 23, you know, it's probably still up.
Amazing.
Right next we're looking at-
Okay.
We'll go to cancers now.
There's a lot of talk about turbo cancer.
Yeah.
People say there's no signal.
Well, there is.
Okay.
Because I found that everything that went high was associated with blood and circulatory,
where would you expect cancers to start?
Well, the blood is made by the white cells, your lymph and red, white and platelets made
by bone marrow.
Right.
Exactly.
I don't have the bone marrow slide here.
We only have so many slides we just put up.
But if you looked at the lymph node cancer in Massachusetts, more than 400% of normal
in 2023.
Wow.
258% of normal in 2022.
And it's still going up.
It's still going up.
It's not an acute problem like the sudden blood loss anemia or cardiac arrhythmia, cardiac
arrest, pulmonary embolism.
Those happen pretty soon after.
Now they're happening.
The more people take boosters.
Right.
Well, what we're talking about now are the reasons why I keep screaming for long-term
safety trials.
Exactly.
Right.
I mean, there's the issues that happen within, you know, a short period of time after vaccination
or any drug.
But what is like the downstream effects?
What, you know, what are the cancer rates and things that take years to develop?
Absolutely right.
And those cancer rates are extremely high.
And they're moving toward other cancers, not just blood-related cancers.
Okay.
And that a pleietic.
The numbers are low.
Have that chart.
Yep.
There it is.
Oh, there it is.
Yeah.
Look at that.
The numbers are low.
This is Minnesota.
Right.
Yep.
That's Minnesota.
I also have 420,000 death certificates from Minnesota.
And if they do a good job and really look in the autopsy, they do the microscope work.
They do the blood analysis, blood labs, tissue samples, then they will find things like
this.
But if they're lazy, they won't.
Each jurisdiction, how good their death certificates are, depends on the culture within the office
in that area.
Got it.
Yeah.
Okay.
So you saw how much that's going on.
Right.
All right.
Next.
I mean, this is super fascinating.
And, you know, we don't get an opportunity because this data is so hard to get to it.
CDC should be printing this out on a daily basis.
Absolutely.
They have the ability.
We're supposed to be one of the most transparent nations in the world.
We're supposed to have the highest levels.
I always say this, you know.
We're the home of Google.
We're the home of Apple.
We're the home of Microsoft.
We have computer learning.
We should be able to just show the world exactly everything that's going on.
And we have some of the worst data collection in the world.
We're less transparent than in some cases than China.
I mean, it's really outrageous how much work it takes to get to this information that you're
sharing with our audience right now.
We didn't talk about this ahead of time.
Yeah.
Let me interject that this is the time to do it.
The government has all this data.
I'm one guy with a home computer.
Right.
And I put together a system.
What only can the system show you the individual causes of death, which I've been doing?
I can traverse the hierarchy from all cause down to causes and ages down to the individual.
And we can go investigate the individuals and what they died from.
So when it says on a death certificate that they died with the vaccine hours earlier,
okay, or a day or two earlier, and I see that the cause is cardiac arrhythmia and cardiac
arrhythmia and cardiac arrhythmia over and over again.
And then I go look at the aggregated data.
Cardiac arrhythmia is high.
Well, yeah, I can assume that all those excess.
This is the tragedy, right?
You know, Joe Biden stood in front of us and said, I'm going to spend $10 billion promoting
this vaccine, this experimental product in media, basically just spend it on television
telling you to get it.
You know, clearly we didn't spend $10 billion on tracking it and putting every scientist
we know.
In fact, no science would be being done if you weren't grabbing the data yourself, or
as I've pointed out, what we do with ICANN is get a hold of data and then share it with
all the scientists in the world so that they can actually see what's going on there
because we can't afford to do as much science as it would be.
All I can do is say, hey, if you're at a university, if you have the ability to calculate this,
take it.
Here's the data.
We need information here.
So we're basically open sourcing this data, but this is what our regulatory agencies are
paid to do, and they don't do it.
They're purposely not doing it, and I prove it.
In the CDC memorandum, which is a second publication I have, the real CDC is my book that's
coming out.
Then the CDC memorandum is 172 enumerated paragraphs of factual allegations, and it goes through
how they have purposely not looked at it, and they're recklessly endangering the public,
and I give them legal notice that now they have the information.
But let me get back to the data.
The data belongs to the public, and they're hiding it and obfuscating it from us.
Now, I have a bill in New Hampshire, 1661.
What that does is it puts a structure around reporting the public health data in the manner
in which I already did, but with better access with somebody going inside to look
at that data, report it back to the public, and the oversight committee or the budget
committee, they have to do an analysis of how that bill might impact the state finances.
Just read that less than half an hour ago in the booth up there.
It's only like 160 grand a year to save people from dying, like a lot of people, and to show
the public health.
What I've done is put together a system, which is not AI, but it's intelligent, and
it looks at the past history, and currently, what's going on.
It can be used as an early warning system as to how people are dying before they even
know there's any kind of virus, before they know there's something wrong with the water
supply in three zip codes somewhere.
I'll find it in the data, and they have this data.
They should be doing this.
That's their purview, but they're not doing it.
I mean, it's really amazing.
We reported over the last several weeks, there's this massive rise in excess mortality last
year, 2023, nearly, I think, over 150,000 excess deaths compared to the 2015-2019 average,
just skyrocketing.
I say it's like three Vietnam's, and yet, no one at CNN is even really asking a question
about it.
One report at Fox.
This would be the opening of any dystopian nightmare future scenario where scientists
are screaming, we don't know why, but in every nation in the world, excess mortality is tenfold,
and yet, it's just people like you that are doing anything about it or looking into it.
That's why it's going to stand around my words here.
Organizations like yours are just that important, because the Pfizer commercials and the Moderna
commercials and everything going through Fox or CNN, I probably shouldn't name anything
here yet, but the big, normal, regular media, they're going down in flames.
Nobody can trust them anymore.
They killed a million Americans.
The protocols killed a million Americans, remdesivir.
I don't know if we can bring it up.
Let's continue back to the data for those that are watching.
You're not going to see this really anywhere else on television, so intracranial, okay?
So I'll say the name Eden was 17 years old, and she's in that number four, which is third
from the right.
She's only in that number four.
She died from a cerebral venous sinus thrombosis type hemorrhagic stroke.
I'll go through the particulars of that in a minute, but you see that G08 is where that
gets coded under intracranial and intraspinal phlebitis and thrombophlebitis.
But we have to remember, even when we see four, ten, seven, I guess you could, if you're
crazy, you're like, well, I mean, that's a small number of people to get killed by vaccination.
But each one of these is just one code, right?
We're talking about you start stacking these all together, and you have a massive crisis,
and one of the things that's amazing about this vaccine is just how many different ways
it can kill.
Because it's the blood, and the blood goes all over your body.
Fantastic.
No.
It sounds like there's so many ways, right?
Yeah.
Because that's what it ends up being.
But what it starts as, it's all about the blood.
Right.
Your blood's messed up.
The blood is dysregulated.
Yeah.
The white cells, red cells, platelets, all three of them have problems right now.
Wow.
But I'm not a doctor.
I won't go there.
We can just talk about that.
Okay.
Let's continue on.
All right.
Pulmonary embolism.
Okay.
This alone, more than 500 excess deaths in Massachusetts alone in 21 and 22.
Wow.
Maybe that it looks like 20 is up, but 20 is only up because there were 8,800 excess deaths
in nine weeks, which drove the numbers of other things, and many old people die with
a clot in their lungs because they weren't taken care of, or whatever hospital protocols
or you could call a COVID if you want if you want to do that.
But the point is, but once it's passed, don't forget that first graph.
COVID went down.
All cause went down.
pneumonia went down.
This is skyrocketed.
Up from 20 to 21, it went up.
So 500 excess deaths in Massachusetts alone, pulmonary embolism.
It's a big one.
That's a big one.
Right next.
Cute renal failure.
There it is.
Wow.
Now this is Massachusetts.
It's up over 100%, but the numbers and I'm very conservative with my estimates of trending.
So if it's a positive slope, I use the positive slope, if it's a negative slope, I don't
even use the negative slope.
I use a flat line average.
People with math will understand that, but I'm very conservative in my estimate of excess
deaths.
It's actually more than what I'm telling you, but what I'm telling you is this 2,000
excess deaths in Massachusetts alone by acute renal failure.
This extrapolated across the country is 100,000 people excess, more than normal, died from
acute renal failure in 21 and 22, doesn't even count 23.
Now this is so big, you would say that as a single cause of death, it's bigger than
anything since the Spanish flu, 1918 and 19, 19, 19.
Why is our government not even talking about it?
This is massive and it's not just old people.
This goes down into the 16 to 24 year olds.
It goes through all the age.
One of the things that you talked about, we decided to skip it because it's complex to
look at the grass, but it's this swing in the average age of death year to year, usually
this is something that just barely moves and when you look at your grass, they're going
to be younger.
It's something is just yanking these things in really abnormal directions.
As they go younger, you're talking about multiplying the number of life years lost per
death.
So if somebody dies at 2 years old that otherwise would have lived 80, they lost 78 years.
If an 80 year old dies, they lost one year.
So that one child that died is worth 80 old people, because that's the difference in life
years lost is huge and people are dying younger.
I want to look at one of these individuals just to show how you're doing this, to show
like the data, because you don't get all the information there, right?
These are just bars.
We care about people, right?
So let's bring up, pick any one, Eden.
Here we go.
Here's Eden.
You're talking about.
What am I looking at here?
This is a VAERS record right here or this is the...
This is a VAERS record.
What I do is I create templates that extract the information from a spreadsheet.
The spreadsheet is from the official government VAERS records.
It has the VAERS ID.
Anybody can check it.
Female, 17 years old.
It has her injection date of May 23rd.
And then the report date is important at 610, June 10th.
What it says there is she had massive brain swelling in farksions, and you could probably
read it better than I thought.
The massive brain swelling in farksions, decompressive craniectomy.
Unable to control intracranial pressure, parents agreed to DNR status, do not resuscitate
and patient is not expected to survive.
Now, that was...
Now, read the orange in the bottom.
So then the orange says, headaches started around three weeks prior to the event, that
delayed dose of the second vaccine.
Headache was very severe, and she saw a PCP for it twice, and it lasted a week.
It then resolved, and oh my gosh, she got her second vaccine.
Now we can go to her death certificate.
And then we go to her death certificate.
So that's the VAERS report that was filed.
The VAERS report doesn't have a name.
Okay.
There's no name on the VAERS report.
Right, okay.
So what I'm doing here is scouring the VAERS records and scouring the death certificate
gets to find matches.
Okay.
And so your death certificate you received has a name with a little less information in
it than the VAERS report would have.
Correct.
And it just says, complications of cerebral venous sinus thrombosis, unknown.
Massive stroke.
And you know...
The unknown is the time from beginning to death.
Okay.
That's...
It would say like five days or months or years or whatever.
So they're just...
So how do you do it?
You get this.
It has a little bit of information.
You have dates.
You have the state.
You have the name.
So...
Then you go to the VAERS system, which we just saw.
And I'm going to assume you look for that date, right?
Like, do I line up the dates of where this event took place?
Female, 17 years old.
Okay.
And I look for stroke symptoms.
All right.
If you saw the death certificate, that was one day after that VAERS report.
They said not expected to survive.
Right.
She got two shots, had headaches, went to the doctor twice.
It resolved.
She got her second shot.
The shot date is 523 May 23rd.
The report date was June 10th.
The death certificate is June 11th.
And when you look for a female, 17 years old...
No others in Massachusetts.
There's none in that time.
No.
It's easy.
That's it.
And you put this information...
How many 17 years old?
I can't imagine how time-consuming that is.
And I can't imagine how easy it would be for the CDC or the NIH to do this since they're
staring at all the data.
Oh, they have the Immunization Information System.
Right.
And I think the state has their own Immunization Information System.
And what I propose to Latipo and DeSantis more than a year and a half ago is that I come
down, just give me a week in an office, won't cost you anything.
I'll do it pro bono.
I'll even get somebody to pay for my flight and I will correlate the death certificate
database with the Immunization Records and it'll be over.
This whole thing can end.
There's no debate.
Just let us see the data.
But the government is hiding the data from us.
They won't let us see it.
And it's purposeful that they're not looking at it.
Because if they looked at it, they know.
We'll find tens of thousands.
As I said, I think it might have been the last show, when you go to the CDC, what you
see now is just a bunch of butts in the air and every scientist has got their head into
the dirt because it'd be so easy to be able to figure out what's going on here.
And I say this, when they don't look at it and they refuse to look at it, when, look,
we can't say it's definitively this, there can be several things on the table.
But why is this the only thing not on the table?
Why is vaccination?
When you're seeing it rise in excess death.
And I always say, when you have food poisoning, what's the first thing you do?
You ask yourself, what did I eat last night?
When you suddenly have people dying at rates that can't be explained by a virus that's
circulating, you got to ask yourself, what did we do differently across every single
state?
In this case, across every nation that we're all seeing, we're all seeing something that
is unprecedented worldwide, all seeing the rates of myocarditis and cancers.
And as you've shown out, rising, then you've got to look at what did we do differently?
We gave you all this experimental product that we didn't know what the side effects
would be.
We did no long term studies on it, so it has to be on the table.
And if you were going out of your way to keep it off the table, that tells me, you
know what's going to happen as soon as you put it on the table.
It's not that you don't know.
You know exactly what we're all going to find.
I can't see it in the other way.
I know I'm going to study human nature my whole life.
If you know for a fact, if I throw this on the table, it's going to be exonerated right
away.
It'd be the first thing that you do.
The word no that you kept using there, that's the important part, okay?
In order to prove somebody is guilty of a crime, the men's ray needs to be proven.
So purposeful, knowing reckless, negligent needs to be proven somehow.
The CDC memorandum has the 172 facts enumerated, and then it goes through a legal analysis
of uttering, which is a subset of fraud, if you will.
And it has involuntary manslaughter, depraved heart murder, and felony murder.
I go through the analysis of the facts.
And once the document is served to the FDA, CDC, NIH directors, 12 of their subordinates,
and then I'll copy six state attorneys general in the hopes that they'll empanal
grand juries to investigate this.
But once those directors are given knowledge, okay, they have, they know, they have a legal
duty to act.
You and I don't have that legal duty, we didn't take that job, they took that job.
It's like a crossing guard not telling Johnny to not step out in the street.
In fact, it's worse, it's like the crossing guard saying, Johnny, look at me, here comes
a bus.
Okay, Johnny, you ready?
Go.
Jump in, you know, don't look for the bus, look at me, then go.
They have a legal duty to protect the public.
Not only are they're shirking their legal duty, but they're purposely not doing it so
that they protect the vaccine and not the public, that's murder.
And I can prove it in a court of law.
Some of this data is showing things like, I want to go back to the renal failure because
you know, one, a lot of the, you know, the issues you're showing, whether it's cancer
or blood issues, those are, you know, vaccines driven.
But renal failure, is that, is this what we're seeing, the spike in renal failure?
Is that, do you think that caused by the vaccine?
The CARES Act is a behavior modification.
They modified the behavior of doctors through incentives or through coercion from either
medical boards or the hospital administrators who were financially incentivized.
The renal failure didn't go up, I have other graphs to show exactly when it goes up.
But it didn't go up as much in the April and May EUAs for room decivir for older people,
and then the October 22nd, 2020 EUA.
You know, when it went up after the November 2nd, CMS.gov, 20% adder, NCTAP, people can
look that up.
When that hit, it went sky high.
This is the moment they add that extra bonus charge onto every medical bill that tags 20%
on any patient that you gave remdesivir, and look what happened, folks.
This is absolutely stunning.
When you see it on a chart like this, you're in 2021, remember, this is when we're told
the virus isn't really deadly, and just as soon as you make that adjustment, you incentivize
every hospital an extra 20% bonus on the charge being given worth tens of thousands of dollars,
you suddenly watch this spike in renal failure that goes through the roof, and it hasn't
come down.
Hundreds of thousands.
Not too contradicting, but think about it.
No, not appreciate it.
Sorry, I left the zero out there.
Half a million dollar ICU stay, 20% is a hundred grand, and people are, there are millions.
I have files.
We can't see the accounting, because if we did, I'd have fun with Warner and Mendenhall.
We'd be going with false claims acts all over the place, but they won't let us see the accounting,
but I have the other records as to when they received the remdesivir.
This is a hard one.
Twenty-eight-year-old woman, her mother brings her in because she tested down 87% on a finger
SPO2.
So oxygen level.
Yeah.
By the time she got to the hospital, it was 95.
So what did the doctors do?
They gave her remdesivir right away because she tested positive for COVID.
She had no fever.
She was 97.9.
I have the vital statistics, the vital stats on her.
I have a 6,000-page medical file her mother shared with me.
I think it's going to be okay, but, you know, that there was, her name is Danielle Alvarez.
I'll just say the name.
And Rebecca Charles is her mom.
And I'm trying not to cry right now because I flew to Florida and went to a conference
and just happened to run into to her, Rebecca.
And, you know, it was tough.
She lost her daughter.
She lost her only daughter.
They killed her.
Not only did they do that, they started prepping her for ventilator, for ventilator, Larazapim,
adasolam, propofol, dexmeditomidine, they gave you the whole thing.
They brought them back out of them when you were trying to breathe.
So they can't fight back.
Right.
They give you a muscle paralytic.
So you can't fight back when they're shoving the trach tube now.
Oh my God.
And it goes over and over, this case after case after case, where they murdered people
and it drove the COVID numbers, okay, but that last graph you showed, you don't have
to put it up again.
But I have a different graph where there's zero correlation in Minnesota between COVID
going up and a curino failure not going up, zero correlation until the money kicked in.
When the money kicked in, the graph started swimming together like salmon, just swimming
together, just perfect correlation after that.
So you go to the hospital with COVID, you get put on remdesivir, you die of kidney failure
with COVID on your death certificate.
No correlation in 2020.
Right.
That's the thing I said.
I had the doctor.
I was like, are, you know, regional failures up?
He's like, yeah, they are.
It's really weird.
It's like, does COVID in known in any stretch of your imagination in science cause renal
failures?
Like, no, not that I've read or anything.
I was like, dude, you're killing people.
Here's a big, here's a big thing I want to, I want to mention because I don't know
if it's from does.
I did say dude, by the way, because when we were kids, we were each other's dudes.
I don't know if it's from does severe.
I think it might be a combination of vancomycin or amdesivir.
Doctors tell me I'm wrong.
Everybody's vancomycin destroys the kidneys.
If you give it too much, people are getting these massive infections and they end up septic
and they give vancomycin very strong antibiotic.
But here's the problem.
It doesn't matter that I don't know.
It doesn't matter that doctors might be right or wrong.
The problem is what you just said, they're purposely not looking at it.
They're purposely not looking at 100,000 extra deaths in 21 to 22.
I mean, how can you, it's like they're not only not doing their job, they're purposely
not doing the job and they're promoting the thing that's killing people because it's
incentivized and the people who wrote the bill and it's probably the lobbyists, not
the legislators.
The lobbyists write the bills, they hand them to the legislators, here's a donation, put
in my bill, bill gets put in, the CARES Act, we're going to take care of people.
No, you're not.
You killed a million people.
With protocols, vaccines, they killed more than a million people with their legislators.
I absolutely agree with it.
That's what we reported here.
We could go through a bunch more graphs.
I just want to talk about one more personal story.
We have a death certificate here that I'd like to bring up because you know, you said
this is sort of an important story to this.
So this is Brianna, 30 years old.
She passed away in a hospital from a massive stroke and seizure.
She recovered easily from COVID-19 back in November of 2020, along with several of her
close friends and family members with no lingering effects.
On March 30th, she was given a single dose of the Moderna vaccine.
She initially complained of mild nausea and vomiting, but quickly developed a severe headache,
prompting her to visit the local ER where she received treatment for a migraine.
She returned to the ER at least one more time after no relief from the headache.
By April 3rd, Saturday, she no longer recognized her sister.
She had dangerously high intracranial pressure.
She suffered a stroke with paralysis of a left side and a seizure.
Multiple lesions were noted on her brain via MRI.
Obviously, I mean, right there had no issue with COVID, but the vaccine, all hell breaks
lose vomiting and within days she's dead.
What was the cause of death that was listed here?
On her death certificate, it did list that the stroke killed her, but the underlying,
here's the death certificate.
You notice what's in pink at the bottom.
The last thing listed in part one is the U-C-O-D underlying cause of death.
That should be the root cause of death.
It's a backwards time order.
They said COVID killed her.
COVID killed her.
Even though in that entire description, the VAERS report says she did fine with COVID
days after the vaccine and this death certificate, if it was used and did not do an investigation
attaching it to VAERS, you could walk away and say she died of COVID.
Okay, I've spoken to the person who filled out the VAERS report on Earth, a cousin of
the father.
She knows.
She got it right.
Okay.
This is a fact.
I've spoken to the father very recently.
That was a really tough call because I lost my son in 2018 and when I talk to these guys,
it's, I mean, I'm struggling right now.
So he's trying to get the state to take off COVID and put on the vaccine.
They've been stonewalling him for two years.
That date was March 30th, 2021 she got injected to teach at Methuen High School.
There's an article.
I have the link in my book, Methuen High School Teachers to Get the Vaccine.
Not only that, this is how we know it's her, right?
I've talked to the family member who input that VAERS record.
Why did she put the, input the VAERS record cause the doctors didn't do it?
Wow.
They didn't do it.
Now there's a report written in the neuro hospitalist magazine by six doctors from the Beth Israel
Deaconess Medical Center in Massachusetts and Harvard Medical College.
Those six doctors, the title of the report is Fatal Post COVID mRNA Vaccine Associated
Cerebral Ischemia.
What that means is the vaccine killed her by stroke.
That's what that title means.
Every paragraph says the vaccine killed her by stroke.
One paragraph says, we have several reports of COVID vaccines killing people by stroke.
Another paragraph says, there are a number of reports where CVST is common, cerebral
venous, sinus thrombosis.
Sound familiar?
That's what Eden died from.
She was injected five weeks after Brianna 20 miles away and died from a CVST.
And it's in the report.
And also where thrombocytopenia is frequent, frequent, okay, frequent.
Diane Dubois was 62 years old.
Three weeks before Brianna was injected, Diane died from acute intracranial hemorrhage in
the setting of thrombocytopenia.
Three women, three strokes, chapter two in my book.
And this is part of this whole scam that began in the middle of COVID that we reported
on where doctors were being told basically to misrepresent the death certificate.
You talk about that underlying cause of death.
They started saying the COVID numbers were through the roof.
But really because they were just categorizing everybody that died with COVID as having died
from COVID.
I just want to do a flashback here.
This is actually the interview I did with Scott Jensen from up in Minnesota.
And this is what we were talking about when they changed how doctors are supposed to fill
out a death certificate.
Imagine now we've got to go back and try and figure out what happened here.
And it looks like our own CDC purposefully went out of their way to basically just cloud
the data and corrupt the data so we'd never really get to the bottom of it.
Take a look at this.
We reported several weeks ago that it looks very much like the CDC is asking doctors and
coroners or whoever fills out these forms to bloat the numbers.
Go ahead and take it, make it all COVID-19.
And this was what went on to say, it is important to emphasize that coronavirus disease 2019
or COVID-19 should be reported on the death certificate for all decedents where the disease
caused or is assumed to have caused or contributed to the death.
It goes on.
This is a question.
If you're not understanding what we're saying, wink, wink, doctor, here's what you need to
know.
What happens if the terms report on the death certificate indicate uncertainty, meaning
I'm uncertain.
What should I do then?
If the death certificate reports terms such as probable COVID-19 or likely COVID-19,
these terms will be assigned the new ICD code, meaning use the code that they did die of
COVID-19.
And in case you're worried, we're going to check up on you, let us just make it clear.
It is not likely that NCHS will follow up on these cases.
You're a doctor.
What was your experience when you saw this recommendation by the CDC on the death certificates?
Well, that was actually April 3rd, Adele, and I had never seen something like that before.
All of a sudden I read this document from the Department of Health and it said, go ahead
and diagnose COVID-19.
It didn't say put down probable.
It said, go ahead and put it, COVID, you just showed it on your screen before.
And so then I went to the CDC document and that flies completely in the face of the manual
that CDC puts out as to how death certificates should be filled up.
In the manual it talks about specificity and precision.
And all of a sudden we're being told, well, if it's reasonable, if it's likely, if it's
probable or it's presumptive, go ahead and put that down.
That was what caused me to raise this up the flagpole if you'll say, hey, I've never been
coached or told before that this is what I need to do.
And so I checked with 50 to 75 positions in Minnesota and none of them could remember
it either.
We didn't have that happen in 2018 when we had 60 to 80,000 deaths from influenza.
If I diagnosed pneumonia and I put that on the death certificate, nobody was telling
me to put influenza on it as well if I happened to be in the middle of a flu epidemic.
If I didn't test for it, if I didn't have an interest in testing for it, then I certainly
shouldn't be putting it on the death certificate.
Typically death certificates are filled out based on causation.
And now we're simply saying, well, you can just correlate it to what happens to be going
your own.
I mean, we never do things like that.
So that was Scott Jensen, who was not only a doctor who'd won, like, doctor of the year
multiple times in Minnesota.
He was a senator and he was reporting to us, they're asking me to manipulate the death
certificate in a way I've never been asked in all my years in medicine.
And now you're stuck trying to filter through, in many ways, contaminated evidence.
Right.
So that was either alert number two or report number three, both the links are in my book
and in the memorandum.
What that is, is solicitation of fraud.
Okay.
That right there, 18 USC 1035, false statements and healthcare matters, 1040, fraud and disaster
relief, 1343 fraud by wire.
I'll stop now.
But those are multiple federal felonies that they're telling doctors to commit.
And why?
Because the death certificates are controlled by state law.
All right.
That's a federal agency.
Interesting.
Telling the state medical examiners to violate state law.
And then in doing so, that those death certificates then feed up into the CDC of federal agency,
which is why I can then use federal law to say 18 USC 1035, 1040, 1343 and so on.
I have all those analyses in, in partly the book and partly the memorandum.
But what you have here is a Rico criminal organization called the US government in
the CDC FDA NIH, along with the medical boards, FSMB is right there.
Why they exist?
I have no idea.
And then not only the state licensing boards, but the board certifications, the American
board of internal medicine, family medicine, pediatrics, they all got to go down because
they're all working together against the health of the people.
Yeah.
They're killing, they killed a million Americans in the last couple of years.
It's a Rico scam.
And it's a government against the people, killing the people.
Yeah.
It's really amazing.
No mob boss ever dreamed of something so horrific as what happened here to sort of sum
all of this up.
I think, you know, there's a tragedy a million people have been killed by the decisions
that our government made, the things that they forced, you know, illegal acts as you're
pointing to.
But with COVID, perhaps to me, the greatest tragedy is that this is one of the few viruses
we've ever seen that actually had no effect on children.
Did they catch it?
They spread it.
They have the most serious outcomes when they're young.
In this case, this is a virus that basically left them alone.
The death rate, I think, under 19 is 0.0002 something percent.
So I want to go to this last death certificate in this story because this is a young child
that you have.
And you give this is Cassidy, seven years old.
She spiked a 103 fever.
The severe stomach ache has not had a bowel movement since the day before vaccination,
which makes today three days without one.
First vaccine costs severe nausea and vomiting from five minutes post injection and for the
next eight to 10 hours.
And she's no longer with us.
Yeah.
This is what prompted me to get the death certificates.
I was driving to the gym and I heard on the radio a seven year old died from COVID and
I know from all my work didn't happen.
Right.
The only thing they wrote on her death certificate under causes of death in part one, which is
the causes.
The contributing conditions, there was fungal and bacterial Plurisy, probably from wearing
a mask in school, six hours a day, five days a week, generating all that and rebreathing
your own fungi and stuff.
So the only thing in part one, complications of coronavirus 19 viral infection, they blamed
COVID.
Now, I've asked the state, tell me her vaccination date because I found a seven year old and
I go through the four, there are four different seven year olds who died in Massachusetts around
that time.
I analyze all four in my book and it's up to the people to decide, but there's only one
that matches.
Right.
And in Cassidy is the one that matches.
Why don't they tell the truth?
We know she was injected on January 13.
She died on January 18, five days later.
She reacted in the first vaccine, you just read, five minutes and threw up for eight
to 10 hours.
Then they gave her a second one that the report is about.
And then she dies.
I believe it's Cassidy.
I think anybody, any rational person would read that evidence and believe it's Cassidy.
Tell us the truth because all the parents read that, she died of COVID, went out and got
their kids vaccinated for the very thing that killed her.
And the other thing is complications.
There's no other causes in part.
How can you have complications of a death when there's nothing else listed?
It's not pneumonia.
It's not COPA or ARDS, no asthma in part one.
They said she had asthma in part two.
You can't.
And then when I looked because I have the records in every field, 315 different columns
per record, I was able to look and see all the death certificates that that particular
medical examiner wrote and what she wrote and it's complications of, she had the same
phraseology, not a single other medical examiner wrote that in the other 20,000 cases.
Coronavirus-19, viral infection.
That's it.
Yeah.
In days.
You have more complications.
Yeah.
All right.
So I'm sure people want to be able to look at this data.
So what is the best?
Do you have a book?
Yeah.
So the book has a lot of graphs.
You go therealcdc.com.
The realcdc.com.
Yep.
T-H-E-R-E-A-L-S-C-D-C.com.
Okay.
That's the book.
The book is for everybody.
Anybody can understand.
Don't do p-values, statistics, confidence intervals, I do raw data and anybody can look
at a graph and say, oh my God, look at all the people that died of this cause.
The other document, the other publication is called the CDC Memorandum.
That's more difficult for people to read.
It's about 130 pages, it's almost done, 130 pages of text, which 100 pages of factual
allegations and then legal analyses with 157 pages.
Now here's where all the graphs come in.
400 graphs of various causes of death.
Wow.
Do you have a solution?
What's the plan?
What's the goal?
I mean, you're doing all this work, you're staring at it.
What's our way forward?
Where's the light at the end of this very dark tunnel?
You know, I said in early 21, this won't end until everybody knows somebody.
The people I talk to at the hotel desk, the guy who drove me to the hotel from the airport.
Everybody knows somebody now.
We have a rasmus and I think we have that rasmus in article or a poll that was done.
So now that we have something, here we go, a COVID-19 virus deaths versus vaccine deaths.
It gets into the groups that believe someone in their family died of COVID-19.
These numbers are starting to go through the roof.
It's going to get higher.
It adds up to about 25%, 40% are saying that they're pretty sure the vaccine kills people.
So the solution is any state should look at what I've done and either come to me or
I talk to Ed Dowd's guys, Carlos and Yuri, we talk, put together a system to show what
people are dying from and make that information public.
So we need public transparency of health data, that's number one.
What else can we do?
There's a lot involved.
We don't get into politics here.
But you have to have criminal prosecution, otherwise the behavior will not stop.
You can't just slap them on the wrist.
These people murdered people en masse and they knew what they were doing.
And after they get the CDC memorandum that served to them, anybody who subsequently dies
after a reasonable time after receiving it will have done so with knowledge that they
should have investigated and they should have stopped this and have they not, now the men's
right is proven and now you just have to prove causality.
Right.
Well, look, I mean, when we elect our leadership this year's a lot of elections coming up,
I would recommend that we not elect people that sit in there and avoid listening to the
story of children dying and roll their eyes and try to get out of the room, the people
that are paying attention, those are the ones that need to put in the Attorney General's
state by state and the Attorney General's of this nation to actually bring, you know,
I think, you know, criminal indictments against these murderers that, you know, we
need grand jury investigations.
We need grand jury investigations.
Well, your data is going to be a huge part of that.
It's really important that people like you are out there and it's really an honor and
a pleasure to gotten to look through some of your data.
Same here.
Thanks for having me.
All right.
Absolutely.
Thank you.